CIRC-7766 Match Impl Documentation (#338)
circonus/docs: content/irondb/metric-names-tags-queries.md

 * `re`       - The following string is a regex - this is synonymous with `tag_cat:/<regex>/`
 * `graphite` - The string is part of a graphite-ingested name.  This function allows IRONdb to use graphite-specific search indexes for better performance.  

These options are applied to whatever immediately follows them barring delimiting characters, so using them with unencoded values is straightforward:

example:   `and(__name:[graphite]prod.thing.nyc2.meter.worker.counter)`  
example:   `and([graphite]prod.*.*.key:[re]foo.*bar[0-9]{5})`

When using Base64 encoding, the same logic applies, therefore given a Base64 string as above `b"Zm9vKg=="`, the correct application of the `match impl` would be `b[<type>]"Zm9vKg=="`:

example:   `and(__name:b[exact]"Zm9vKg==")`

> Note that, in accordance with the above, if the `match impl` is placed before the `b` in a Base64 string, it will result in matching the Base64 string as though it were not encoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `match impl` is placed before the `b` (for example: `[exact]b"Zm9vKg=="`, it will no longer match the format and instead attempt to match a metric named the literal string `[exact]b"Zm9vKg=="`.
```
